hugo-links-move-for-4.10-community (#1147)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.10/community/getting-set-up.md

* Git
* Gradle

> {{< note >}} Visit the [platform support matrix]({{< relref "../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/platform-support-matrix.md" >}}) to check the latest third-party application versions supported by Corda. {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} Visit the [platform support matrix]({{< relref "release-platform-support-matrix.md" >}}) to check the latest third-party application versions supported by Corda. {{< /note >}}
```
